Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[light dramatic music]
- [David] Abby. why?
Speak to me. Abby. why
are you doing this to me?
What do you want from me?
Abby!
- [Woman] David. David. David.
[branches crunching]
- You want me?
Come and get me!
[dramatic music]
- [Man] What if we knew
that was God was real?
[door creaking]
[bat thudding]
[light music]
[Abby laughing]
- [Man] Wake up. David.
It's time to get moving.
- [Woman] David.
- [David] Abby. I dreamt
about you again last night.
It's day 75 and I'm no
closer to figuring out
what happened to you.
They continue to point their
finger at me and say I did it.
and with Charlie missing. I
can't convince them otherwise.
It's easy for them
to blame me. though.
It makes sense.
They say you two were having
an affair. but this is a lie.
It has to be.
They don't know me.
and they certainly
don't know you.
As they press me and I
deal with their antics.
attempts to break me
and force me to crack.
I rely on my abilities to
put the pieces together
and figure it out.
There are moments though.
where I see myself falling into
a dark abyss so deep. that
eventually it will be impossible
to find my way back.
and as the light fades.
I feel the darkness consume me.
[radio chiming]
- [Announcer] Conspiracy Radio.
- [Jimmy] Let me
get this straight.
the Devil is very much alive
and he's living amongst us?
- [Perez] Well. that
depends on your perspective.
- [Jimmy] Oh that's
such a crock. though.
I mean don't you think. I
mean this spiritual battle.
a fight between good
and evil. God. Creation.
Don't you think that this
is just a ploy against us
that's set up by
organized religion?
- [Perez] I'm not about
organized religion.
Um. I am completely about
something different. Mr. Jones.
- [Jimmy] Anyway. well first
off. Jimmy. just call me Jimmy.
And also I hope
I didn't come off
like I was antagonizing you.
I am just really
curious about this
fight between good and evil.
and it seems very
black and white to me.
- [Perez] No. what you or
I cannot deny that there
is good and evil in this world.
There is light and
there is darkness.
In between. there
is nothing else.
It's either or.
We as a human race
continue to ignore this
and have convinced
ourselves of this gray area.
but that's not the truth.
- [Jimmy] Well that
was very well said
and I might have a point
to counteract with that.
Let's take a quick
break and listen
to a phenomenal
band Old Man Canyon.
- [David] Perez is right.
There is no gray area.
There only is or isn't.
What we do and what we don't do.
Take Detective
Parks for instance.
He sits there and watches
me day after day after day.
like he's expecting
me to slip up.
Maybe if I was guilty I would.
The only thing I am guilty
of is not telling you
every day how much I love you.
Guilty of not doing
enough to keep you safe.
Believe me. I'm doing
everything I can
to prove my innocence. but
each day has its challenges.
While the detectives spend
their time playing mind games
and hoping that
eventually I'll break.
I spend my time investigating
the university's involvement.
Say for a moment that you and
Charlie were having an affair.
I don't know if I
would resort to murder.
I have never lifted my hand
to another human
being my entire life.
I don't think I'm
capable of violence.
I have witnessed
enough death in my time
to know that nothing
is solved by it.
- And you didn't know if
anyone was comin' to visit?
How do you think this looks?
Are you admitting it?
- Parks. take a walk.
- You went fishing. right?
You catch anything?
[Parks chuckling]
- Mr. Harris. my
partner's just trying
to put together the pieces.
You say you come back.
there was a broken mug.
The chair is flipped
over and your wife
is no where to be seen.
So you go out looking for her.
yet you don't call us
for a number of hours.
Now given what you
do for a living.
how do you think that sounds?
- I get it. things happen.
people fall in love.
especially when they
work as close together
like you and Charlie did.
Suggesting you and
Charlie having an affair
is too convenient. too obvious
and not to mention cliche.
But I wonder if people knew
how different you both were.
Sure. maybe you believed
in the same things;
helping others. making a
difference in the world.
not to mention
your faith in God.
And even though you wanted
to accomplish the same thing.
you didn't always
see eye to eye.
[phone buzzing]
[muffled music]
Hello. Dad.
- [Henry] Hi. son.
You got me on that
speaker again?
How many times do
I have to tell you?
They may be listening.
- What do you want?
- I wanna know how
you're doing today.
- Just wanted to welcome
- You feel like company?
- [Jimmy] Everyone
back to the program.
- Do I have a choice?
- Of course you do.
- Or if you're just tuning in
we are here with renowned
- Come on.
- Author and Harvard professor
Perez Valentino.
- Your mom made brownies.
- [Jimmy] In his five part
series on his new book--
- So I don't have a choice.
As you wish.
- This is about faith.
And I'm really curious about
- Great. see you in an hour.
- [Jimmy] Your opinion
of the afterlife.
- [Perez] I think the essence
of our faith. is love.
I think where we
[light somber music]
fall of the rails is
linked to our faith
and money and material objects;
shoes. cars. televisions.
television devices. T.V. shows.
news. propaganda. and we
get away from our movies--
- [David] Detective Parks
and Gaines are not paying
close enough attention
to the university
and their involvement
in your death.
They have to know more
than they're letting on.
- [Perez] We. whose
fact of authorities.
- [David] Whatever you
two were working on
caused you to keep
secrets from me.
What was so important
that you felt
that you had to hide it from me?
That you felt you
couldn't say something?
You don't think I noticed how
on edge you were at times?
Something must have
happened between you
and the board of directors
that made you nervous enough
that you felt you
couldn't talk to me.
If you couldn't trust me.
then who could you trust?
- [Perez] Intuition.
- Hey. I got a package
for a David Harris.
- [Perez] Fly south for
the winter to make warm.
How do they know to fly south
rather than stay. intuition.
It's something that
humans have inside of them
that we've had and
continually had since
the beginning of
time. since existence.
[doorbell ringing]
We deny that fact of the
thing that all tribunes
that modern living has in
the heat of the furnace.
- [Henry] You gotta eat.
- [David] Come on in.
- I wanna whip up
something special.
you wanna invite your
friend in and feed him too?
- Let him starve.
- That's not very nice.
- [Jimmy] Convert you.
[muffled radio talking]
- How'd you sleep?
- [David] I don't sleep.
- Your mom sends her
love and brownies.
- How is she doin'?
- Your mom?
- Yeah.
- Your mom's a survivor.
She's not who I'm worried about.
You kids need a father. David.
They're not doin' too good.
This has gone on too long.
You need to do something.
- [David] What?
- Do you think I'm
just gonna stand around
and watch you throw
your life away?
That's not gonna happen. bud.
- [David] Tell 'em I love 'em.
- You tell 'em.
That's your job.
That's your sole purpose.
- They're comin' for me. dad.
It's just a matter of
time. but they're comin'.
- I know. Martin
called me this morning.
[David chuckling]
- Is that why you're here?
- Yes and no.
Okay. mostly yes.
But I thought maybe we
could work on this together.
Get it figured out.
We know we don't have much time.
Have you been able to
make any kind of progress?
- None.
I mean. my mind's
not workin' right.
I can't think straight.
I mean. I try. I try to
put the pieces together.
but they don't seem to fit.
Maybe they're right.
- What are you saying?
David.
- Maybe it's that simple?
Maybe they were
having an affair.
- Don't you dare.
- What!
It makes sense. doesn't it?
The secret meetings?
Coming home late at night?
- Enough!
I'm not gonna stand here and
watch you go down that road.
You know what it's like
when you're working
on something that's important.
Abby was a good woman.
Abby was a great wife.
Don't you dare. not
even for a moment.
allow anyone to
sully her reputation.
- What am I gonna do?
[light dramatic music]
- I don't know.
Maybe start at the end.
work your way backwards.
- I've done that over
and over and over again.
- David. you're a bright man.
but you're also very sensitive.
You can't allow your emotions
to control your thought process.
It's like you almost
have to stand outside
of the circumstance
that you're in.
in order to see a bigger.
more global picture.
- I have been.
That's what I don't
think you understand.
I have.
- How do you like your eggs?
We're not gonna be able to
solve this on an empty stomach.
- Scrambled. like my brains.
- But I wanna stay with you.
- [David] Oh. sweetie.
I know. but you can't.
- But you need me.
I can help you.
- [David] Look. I know
that it seems that way.
but daddy just needs to
be alone right now. okay?
Okay?
- [Henry] What. you're
not gonna finish that?
- No. I'm good.
- Well. you hardly touched it.
Come on. you need to eat.
[light dramatic music]
- Charlie.
He had a brilliant mind and
he had this ability to see
things from a different
perspective. beyond science.
There was something
special about him.
He had all these theories
on life's creation.
He told me he wanted
to scientifically
prove that God was real.
Said it would end all
war. can you believe it?
- You gotta go.
- Hm. what?
- [David] Lock the
door on your way out.
- What. David?
[door slamming]
- If Charlie's alive
and gone into hiding.
then I'm gonna need some
help to draw him out.
You hungry?
Come on. let me make
you something to eat.
Why aren't you guys
looking for Charlie?
- Oh. we are.
Around the clock.
Where did you hide the body?
[David chuckling]
- Oh. you guys
don't quit. do you?
I didn't kill my wife.
I didn't kill Charlie.
- Keep tellin' yourself that.
- You know. your insults.
they're not gonna work on me.
- Ah. that's right.
you know the game.
- [David] So why aren't
you looking for him?
- Mr. Harris--
- David. call me David.
- Mr. Harris. I'm not
here to be your friend.
I'm here in pursuit
of the truth.
- [David] Me. too.
[Parks groaning]
All right.
I'll talk. you listen.
So we know that Abby
and Charlie were working
on something groundbreaking
for the university.
- We looked into that.
- [David] I know. but it
must have been so big that
the university got scared
and they needed to
put a lid on it.
- Go on.
- [David] See. if we could.
if we could find out what
it was they discovered.
then we could figure out
who killed Abby. who
really killed her
and we can draw
Charlie out of hiding.
- Yeah. Gaines
warned me about you.
Said you were too smart
for your own good.
We talked to everyone we
needed to at the university.
They said Charlie quit. they
have his resignation letter
so you can toss that
theory right out the door--
- [David] They're lying.
Anyone can fabricate a letter.
You know that.
- You've been cooped up
in here way too long.
Hasn't done you any good.
- Its given me time;
time to think and put
the pieces together.
I'm on to something here.
and you need to go back
to the university and
you need to look harder.
- Mr. Harris. you're
starting to panic
because you realize the
truth is about to come out.
So all of this. I get.
- [David] If Charlie's
dead. then where's his body?
- I don't know. you tell me.
- [David] I don't know!
- I don't believe you.
You read a lot of
conspiracy books.
I've even caught that
station you listen
to when I've come in here.
- [David] It's on just
for background noise.
- Yeah. right. but you've
been here a long time.
and that doesn't do someone
in your condition any good.
It's sad.
I think a psychologist
would call this
post traumatic syndrome.
You know. a lot of
the vets coming back
from the war have it.
'Cause killing someone is
not an easy thing to do.
Killing two. that
must be even harder.
[fist thudding]
[suspenseful music]
[dramatic music]
- Abby?
Abby?
[muffled whispers]
Abby. wait.
- [Gaines] Parks. you there?
If you're there. Parks. pick up.
Hey. Parks. I got
coffee. pick up.
We're still waiting
on the warrant.
so do not go inside.
[suspenseful music]
- [Parks] Yeah.
you're in for it now.
What are you gonna do. run?
- You try explaining this
one to your superiors.
[dramatic music]
[door slamming]
[knocking on door]
- Mr. Harris.
Mr. Harris. open the door.
[tapping on glass]
Come on. let's talk.
Hey. where's Parks?
Open the door. Mr. Harris.
Can you open the door?
[dramatic music]
- Hey. he went
out the back door!
- Mr. Harris.
Get off the fence.
Get down.
David. get down. come on.
David. don't run.
David.
- He took my gun.
- Seriously?
[key clanging]
What the hell happened?
- I didn't think
he had it in him.
- Well apparently. he
did. what'd you say?
Jeez. let me do that.
- I'm right handed.
- Yeah. we'll call it in.
Here. leave that on.
- Hi. Mr. Harris.
- Hi.
- It's good to see you.
- You too.
- Tea. water?
- Uh.
- Sorry to hear about your wife.
- Thanks.
- Do you want a menu?
- I'm okay right now.
Do you have a phone I can use?
- Yeah. come with me.
- Okay.
Ah. 555-525-5151.
[dramatic music]
What have I done?
This is not good.
I can't believe I hit him.
And you. you're. I saw
your lifeless body.
They found you at the
bottom of a ravine.
Dead people aren't
supposed to appear
in front of you like that.
they're supposed to stay dead.
What's happening to me?
[phone ringing]
- [Melissa] Harris.
Carter. and McGill.
how can I direct your call?
- Yeah. Martin Carter. please.
- Uh. Mr. Carter is with
some clients right now.
- Melissa. it's me. David.
I need to talk to him.
- Oh. my God. David.
Are you okay?
Stay on the line.
[sighs]
[phone ringing]
- David. where the hell are you?
- I can't say.
- Of course you can.
Tell me where you are.
I'll come get you.
- No. Martin. no.
- David.
David. this isn't
how we do things.
You know that.
- I saw her. Martin.
- [Martin] You saw who. David?
- I saw Abby.
- All right.
All right. buddy.
Let me help you.
Now tell me where you are.
[dial tone buzzing]
[phone beeping]
Henry. it's Martin.
We have a problem.
[door slamming]
- [Man] Two. please.
- [David] Those
two. who are they?
They aren't FBI
or CIA or the mob.
That pin. they're
with the school.
That's it.
They're sending people
after me. aren't they?
And I can't believe
I told Martin.
That wasn't very smart.
He's crazy if he thinks
I'm gonna turn myself in.
- [Man] What's he doing?
- Writing. he's writing.
- [Man] Anything else?
- [David] I have
to watch myself.
Every move I make
has to be calculated.
- [Man] Nobody else is with him?
- By himself.
Single plate.
- [David] What kinda
trouble were you in. Abby?
What do they want with me?
- Would you like a refill?
Are you sure you don't
want a second cup?
It's free.
[giggling]
[snapping]
- Mr. Harris?
Mr. Harris?
You zoned out
there for a second.
You okay?
You sure you don't
want something to eat?
Mr. Harris. Mr. Harris.
[suspenseful music]
[light dramatic music]
- [Henry] Chloe. come on inside.
It's time to eat.
Come on in. let's
get washed up. hon.
[somber music]
- Abby?
Abby?
[David sighing]
- [Woman] David.
- [Radio] Harris has been
on the run since yesterday.
A warrant for his
arrest has been issued.
Charged with the murder
of his wife. Abby Harris.
and also been linked to the
mysterious disappearance
of her alleged lover. Charlie
Miller. also presumed dead.
Police are asking for your
help in locating the suspect--
- This one's on me.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
- Have a nice day.
- You. as well.
- Put that down.
Here.
You know that this
is not good. right?
I could get in a lot of
trouble for having you here.
- I know.
I need your help.
[light dramatic music]
- Anything.
What do you need?
- I know this is
gonna sound crazy.
but I need you to believe me.
Abby's appeared to me.
- David.
- I've seen her
with my own eyes.
I know she's dead.
but I saw her.
She's trying to
tell me something.
- David.
You need to listen to
me. not only as a doctor.
but as your friend. okay?
Please don't do
this to yourself.
Please.
Turn yourself in.
Let your father and
Martin do their job.
- I can't.
- [Sofia] What are you gonna do?
- I'm gonna figure it out.
- How are you going
to figure this out?
You have to be realistic.
- I am.
If she's trying to
tell me something.
I need to trust in that.
- Okay. if that's the case.
what is she trying to tell you?
- Well. if I knew.
I need you to think back
to before Abby died.
Did she say anything to you?
Did she give you a
hint with regards
to anything that her and
Charlie were working on?
- No. nothing.
They were very protective
over their work.
Dammit. I wish I could tell
you something. but I can't.
Hey. I miss her. I do.
But this is not the
way to do things.
- You know Abby never did
tell me how that week went.
- She didn't go.
She said that she was going
to the cabin with
you and the kids.
- No. I was in New York
on a job that week.
The kids. they were
with my parents.
- What?
You don't think.
- I need you to do
one more thing for me.
- [Jimmy] But what about
those gray circumstances
that happen in the world?
What about someone's
mother dying of cancer?
And the repercussions.
The ripple effect that
happens with that.
If God is all this love
and all of this good.
what about these bad
things that happen?
'Cause people will
certainly argue with you.
They will say. well.
if God is all good.
then why did my
mother die of cancer?
What do you have to say to that?
Because that's out there.
That's another Tweet
that I could read to you.
- [Perez] I think that man is
in charge of man's destiny.
And we live in a physical
world and physical things
happen to man and
it's not all good.
People get sick.
People get cancer.
People get terrible. terrible
disease and there are miracles
that happen. but
it's not God's fault
that these things happen.
that someone gets sick.
All we have is God's grace
and God's forgiveness
and God's love to help us
through the trying times
and the suffering
that we must endure.
But. it's not God's fault
that these bad things happen.
It is a physical world.
- I just wanna let you
know. I'm pregnant.
- [Perez] It's man's world
and we decide what we do.
- [Jimmy] So essentially
you're saying it's part
of the gift of being alive.
Having free will.
- Exactly.
- [Jimmy] We're
kind of. you know.
biting the hand that
fed us. so to speak.
- [Perez] Um. in a way.
Yes. in a way. yes.
- I'm pregnant.
♪ To you dear ♪
♪ Sorry that I left you there ♪
♪ Low ♪
♪ All that I tried to erase ♪
♪ The memories ♪
♪ Everyday that I try to erase ♪
♪ The memories that we ♪
[dramatic music]
[door creaking]
- Mr. Harris.
- It's nice of you to join us.
- [Jimmy] Then why do you
choose to talk about God?
Is that your anchor?
Is that your focal point
that you think that
people will relate to because
isn't the core of it really.
what you're talking about.
is the essence of energy?
- [Perez] I believe that
we have lost something.
and that I believe we have
lost the essence of our faith.
- I'm afraid we
don't have any milk.
I hope that's okay.
But. we have a specialty
of my wife's. brownies.
- Thank you.
- Those are really good.
- I know. right?
Okay. so you're not the
CIA. you're not the FBI.
and unless I missed it.
there haven't been any alien
sightings in the area recently.
So. who do you work for?
[light dramatic music]
- Who who work for
isn't important.
- Oh. I think it is.
- [Perez] From that loss.
I believe we have become
rudderless and that we have
lost our way and that the only
way to find our path is to
come back to the Father.
Come back to the stars.
Because in darkness a speck
of light will always burn
through a sheet of darkness
and that just is a fact.
And that is a scientific fact.
- I mean it's obvious you're not
authoritative types.
that's apparent.
I come in the house. you
guys are snoopin' around.
And that car. it smacks
of organized crime.
How do you know that I
didn't already call the cops
and I'm just biding time
until they get here.
- [Agent] I don't
think you did that.
- Oh no?
- What my partner's trying
to say is we believe
you're more interested
in protecting your son
than causing him more harm.
Let me ask you
something. Mr. Harris.
How important is
David's safety to you?
- Why would you
wanna hurt my son?
- You got us all wrong.
We don't wanna hurt
David. we wanna help him.
- We know David is innocent.
We also know David is
the key to helping us
recover what belongs to us.
- I don't know where he is.
[Agent groans]
- Mr. Harris. give
me your hands.
- It's okay. it's
okay. it's okay.
It's okay. it's okay.
It's okay.
[suspenseful music]
[Henry sighing]
- What did you just do to me?
[dramatic music]
- [Man] Howdy.
- [David] This is unbelievable.
How'd they find me?
They mustn't be the
only ones watching me.
I have a feeling
there's someone else.
Who. Abby?
Who else is following me?
I have to get to the cabin.
At least there I
can rest and think.
First I have to ditch the car.
- [Gaines] Take it easy.
Dr. Milano.
- I didn't make
that mess in there.
Think they found
a UFO around here?
- [David] What?
- The suits. car.
You mind driving?
Let's do it.
Hey. thanks for driving.
I needed a break.
You don't mind. do you?
I love this song.
[muffled country music]
[car rumbling]
What are you comin' all
the way out here for?
- I needed to get away.
- Traveling light. huh?
- It's kind of a
last minute thing.
- Me too.
Just gonna rest my eyes.
It'll all be over soon.
♪ There's an angel
watching over you ♪
[dramatic music]
- And that's the truth.
He showed up at the cafe.
I brought him back here.
he showered. we talked
and then he left.
- That's it?
Nothin' else?
Aiding and abetting a fugative.
Courts don't take
lightly to that.
- David do that?
Wow.
I wouldn't think
he had it in him.
- Look. Dr. Milano.
Despite what my partner said.
you're not a person of
interest in the case. okay?
We're not here for you.
we're just looking for David.
- I gave him my car.
He needed my help. so
I did what was right.
- Okay. what do you drive?
- An SUV. it's white.
License plate 223EEA
- [Gaines] Thank you.
- He didn't kill Abby.
you have to know that.
- Then why did he run?
- Because he saw her.
- Who?
- Abby.
- He told you that?
- Yes.
- He told you he
saw his dead wife?
- That's right.
- So you see. you see
how unstable he is.
We need to pick him up
before he hurts himself.
before he hurts anyone else.
So any detail that you could
tell us. could be of value.
Anything. Sofia.
[country music]
- You in some kind of trouble?
- What do you mean?
- The suits. they're
following us.
Look. I don't know
what you're into.
but I'm not looking for trouble.
- Neither am I.
- What's with the gun?
I will drop you right here
if you don't start talking.
- I'm innocent. okay?
My wife is dead.
they think I did it.
All I have to do is
prove my innocence.
- How are you gonna do that?
- I had a plan.
- To run?
- Yeah. no.
I mean. I don't know.
- [Thomas] You sound confused.
- It wasn't supposed
to be part of the plan.
It's just. they left
me no other choice.
- You always have a choice.
- You know. Abby would say that.
Me. I think it's like
a dog eat dog world.
I play the hand I've been dealt.
- A wise man once said.
know when to hold them.
know when to fold them.
So. what are we gonna do
about our friends back there?
- [David] Can we lose 'em?
- We can do anything.
Pull over.
This is as far as I take you.
Well. you're going this
way and I'm going that way.
- I just thought you were gonna
take me all the way there.
- Change of plans.
I have somewhere to be.
Hey. chin up.
You're not alone.
Trust me.
I know.
Good luck.
- Thanks for the ride.
- [Thomas] Anytime.
[light dramatic music]
♪ I can taste the poison ♪
♪ Running through my veins ♪
♪ Part of your destruction ♪
♪ Toxic in every way ♪
♪ Ruin me with your lips ♪
♪ Suffocate by taste ♪
♪ They say I won't listen ♪
♪ But I have no choice to take ♪
♪ You've been wearin'
a toll on me now ♪
♪ And I can hardly take ♪
♪ No way I should right now ♪
♪ We're not the only chase ♪
♪ Moonlight cover my tracks ♪
♪ If he can't fine
me there's no way ♪
♪ That he can ever
bring me back ♪
♪ Moonlight help me fast ♪
♪ Don't stop runnin'
now or else ♪
♪ He's gonna come
and take you back ♪
[humming]
- [David] Are you okay?
Maybe we should get away.
Take the kids to the
cabin or something.
- That sounds like a great idea.
I just don't know when
I can do that right now.
♪ I can feel your heartbeat
getting closer now ♪
♪ Lurking through the shadows ♪
- [David] You were trying
to protect us. weren't you?
No wonder you
couldn't talk to me.
You feared for our lives.
- Charlie. he had
a brilliant mind.
He had so many theories
on life's creation.
I can guarantee you they were
not having an affair. David.
- [David] I have
to believe Sofia.
So what was the meeting
at the park about?
Who was with you that
day at the cabin?
Who. Abby?
I have to get there
before someone else does.
[branches crunching]
♪ Moonlight cover my tracks ♪
♪ If he can't find
me there's no way ♪
♪ That he can ever
bring me back ♪
♪ Moonlight help me fast ♪
♪ Don't stop runnin'
now or else ♪
♪ He's gonna come
and take you back ♪
[humming]
♪ The haunted
hauntin' this place ♪
♪ You won't catch me ♪
♪ Watch me run now ♪
♪ Hide and seek is
way less fun now ♪
♪ Blow my cover ♪
♪ Hide my footsteps ♪
♪ I won't go back.
I won't give in ♪
♪ Moonlight cover my tracks ♪
♪ If he can't find
me there's no way ♪
♪ That he can ever
bring me back ♪
♪ Moonlight help me fast ♪
♪ Don't stop runnin'
now or else ♪
♪ He's gonna come
and take you back ♪
[humming]
♪ The haunted
hauntin' this place ♪
[light dramatic music]
- Abby. why?
Speak to me. Abby. why
are you doing this to me?
What do you want from me?
Abby?
Talk to me. please.
[branches crunching]
You want me?
Come and get me!
[dramatic music]
[thudding]
- [Thomas] David.
pick yourself up son.
The clock is ticking.
[bat thudding]
[Charlie groaning]
- David. David.
I'm on your side.
- Really?
Then where have you been
for the last few months?
- Look. I didn't kill Abby.
[gun clicks]
I wanna make that
very clear with you.
[dramatic music]
She was my friend.
- Why should I trust you?
- 'Cause you don't
have a choice.
- You know. that's funny.
Yesterday I had a
conversation with this man
and he said we
all have a choice.
- Because I'm the only one
that could clear your name.
- What happened to her?
What happened to her!
- It was an accident.
I came up here to
talk to her about
a project that we
were workin' on.
Things didn't go the way
they were supposed to.
We started arguing.
Next thing I know I was
chasing her through the woods.
She fell.
I didn't know what to do.
So I ran.
- If it was an accident why
didn't you say something?
Why hide?
We were family.
You ate dinner at our table.
Chloe is your god daughter.
- My life's work was at stake.
- What about us?
- You don't understand.
- I don't understand?
[David chuckling]
I don't understand?
I don't understand
my wife is dead?
I don't understand I don't
get to see my children?
There's people chasing
me. following me.
and I don't even
know who they are.
So you tell me what
I don't understand.
- Five years ago Abby
and I started researching
the genetic cause of diseases.
Our goal was to find out
why certain family members
contract and others don't.
What it led us to discover
was one common gene.
I believe this proof. physical
proof of one divine creator.
- What does this have
to do with her death?
- We didn't see eye to eye.
Abby felt that it went
against everything that she
believed in and what our
colleagues believed in.
and I felt that this was proof
that we can give people
their lives back.
But the board decided to
go with the status quo.
Problem is. all that
work that we had to done.
Abby took it and hid it away.
And when I came up here to
ask her to give it back to me.
that's when everything
just went sideways.
I wish it woulda never happened.
And I wish that she
was here with us today.
- Do you think she hid it here?
- That's what she told me.
but I've looked everywhere
and I can't find it.
Sofia told me that Abby appears
to you sometimes in your dreams.
Is it true?
David!
- What?
- Is it true?
- I don't wanna talk about it.
- Maybe she's
reaching out to you.
Maybe she's trying to
tell you something.
Come on. David. talk to me.
- [David] I can't.
- [Charlie] Yes. you can.
- No. I can't.
I don't want to.
- Look. I know your views
on the world are different
from the way Abby
and I saw things.
When are you gonna let it go?
- I don't know how.
- Sure you do.
Everybody does.
- I don't wanna talk to him.
- He's always listenin'.
even when you think he isn't.
He is.
[light dramatic music]
Pray. David.
Talk to him. David.
Pray.
Concentrate.
Just concentrate.
- I'm the only
friend you have left.
[light dramatic music]
[Abby giggling]
- Yes.
Yes.
- I think I know
where she hid it.
Why is this so important to you?
- I mean. think about it.
You know how the world is.
Look at how we
treat one another.
I mean. having
faith is difficult.
I mean. most people
aren't even capable of it.
I mean. what if we knew. what
if we knew that God was real?
- You really think he cares?
Maybe you're doin'
this for nothing.
- I'm tryin' to do something
good for the world. David.
- And that makes you as bad
as every religious fanatic
I've ever sat with.
- This isn't about
religion. David.
This is about us.
People always say
that religion is bad.
Religion isn't bad.
It's man that makes
religion evil.
The way they teach it. the
way they manipulate it.
the way they benefit from it.
And if I can prove
that God really exists.
then I believe I'm giving
humanity the answers
that it's searching for.
And I hope that one day.
that it'll end war and
pain and suffering.
and give people what they
really deserve; peace.
[light dramatic music]
David.
Dave.
Where the hell are we going?
- Just up here.
Right here.
[gun clicks]
You lying son of a--
- [Charlie] Easy.
- What about me and my family?
- Don't worry. I'll take
care of you. I promise.
We don't know what kinda
evil these people are. David.
What if they'll stop
at nothin'. huh?
Drop it.
Come on.
- It doesn't have
to be this way.
If what you discovered is
true. then let me help you.
- Help me?
You can't help me. David.
I can only help myself.
Now let's go.
[suspenseful music]
- Charlie.
- Stay back. I won't hesitate.
- This isn't the
way we do things.
- I know how this works.
- [Agent] Put the gun down.
- Don't trust 'em.
Don't trust them.
- Charlie. think about
what you're doing.
You go down this road.
there's no turning back.
- [Charlie] Don't
even think about it.
[dramatic music]
- You okay?
- Yeah.
- [Agent] Okay. watch your step.
That's it.
- Mr. Harris. David.
may I call you that?
- Yeah.
- We are deeply
saddened by your loss.
Abby was a wonderful woman.
She did great things
for the university.
and her memory will not be lost.
[car engine rumbling]
- I'm gonna go call your mom.
- [Perez] There are
red flags that come up.
In that people become upset.
But we must not. that must
not stop us from saying.
- [Jimmy] I think you might
have taken it the wrong way.
I'm not vilifying
God in any way.
My worry is. how are you?
- [Parks] Huh. feel better?
- Enough of this
conspiracy radio--
- No. no. just give it a second.
Good stuff here.
- Oh this is real?
You believe in this?
- I don't believe
in it. it's just.
it's interesting.
- Crop circles.
and the whole Area 51.
- Just give it a chance.
- And the mafia killed JFK.
- You're killin me. man.
You're killin' me.
- Marilyn Monroe is still
alive livin' in Argentina.
- All right.
We're changing the
channel. all right?
- With Hitler.
- It's not goin' anymore.
- Okay good.
Wake me up.
- Aw. man.
- When we get there.
- You just. you just can't have
one bit of patience. can you?
- The sun's so warm.
- [Radio] Made it back
to their headquarters.
[light dramatic music]
- Go on. there's dad.
- Hey. sweetie.
You okay?
Yeah.
Ben?
- Well. Ben's not quite ready.
Give him a little time.
he'll come around.
- Okay.
I'm glad you're home.
Abby. I may never
be able to explain
to the children what
happened to you.
I still don't fully
understand it myself.
As difficult as it
will be to let you go.
I know it's for the best.
Better for me. for
Ben and for Chloe.
Maybe it's time I gave God
more credit for who he is.
Maybe it's time to start
talkin' to him again.
I sure hope Heaven is as
great as it's written to be.
Till we meet again. I love you.
[light music]
♪ When we were
young all we knew ♪
♪ Was days of us ♪
♪ Time had flew by so fast ♪
♪ But what is ever do ♪
♪ We found our way
to the Milky Way ♪
♪ To follow dreams ♪
♪ Smoke splitting
in a phase of me ♪
♪ I'll be who I wanna be ♪
♪ Said your past isn't first ♪
♪ Your unquenchable thirst ♪
♪ Always meant for
best that the world ♪
♪ She said how do we
get back to the start ♪
♪ Because we're breakin' apart ♪
♪ To seem to get ahead then
we fall right back again ♪
♪ How do we get back
to do the start ♪
♪ Because we're breakin' apart ♪
♪ To seem to get ahead then
we fall right back again ♪
♪ Right back again ♪
♪ So here we are
wild and young ♪
♪ The world is yours and
what is it you wanna become ♪
♪ The light of the rising sun ♪
♪ And don't tell me
what you think is fact ♪
♪ The future's mine ♪
♪ Maybe got us
feelin' the past ♪
♪ We gotta make our move ♪
♪ I need some love for
my soul right now ♪
♪ I need some love for my soul ♪
♪ I need some love for
my soul right now ♪
♪ I need some love for my soul ♪
♪ And how do we get
back to the start ♪
♪ Because we're breakin' apart ♪
♪ To seem to get ahead and
we fall right back again ♪
♪ How do we get
back to the start ♪
♪ Because we're breakin' apart ♪
♪ To seem to get ahead and
we fall right back again ♪
♪ How do we get
back to the start ♪
♪ Because we're breakin' apart ♪
♪ To seem to get ahead and
we fall right back again ♪